this is the cure Tron XP system that
I've got displayed for you here so let
me just demonstrate how we start this
and I'll show you the extent of the
field so you turn the unit on there's a
switch on the back you power it on and
then there are four buttons here this is
a selection button pause button start
button and stop button very simple
operation this is your light to indicate
which program you've selected and this
is the timer
the system will shut itself off when the
timer is completed it runs 15 minutes on
program 0 through 4 so there are 10
programs in the system 0 through 4 and 5
through 9 and the 0 through 4 is about
20% of the intensity of the 5 through 9
so 5 through 9 are the highest
intensities on the system and that's
where you reach your peak potentials so
you pick a program so let's pick one so
there's one and you just keep pressing
the button until you did pick the
program that you want say all the way
through cycle 9 and then it just goes
back to zero again so let's do let's do
zero and then we'll press the right
arrow key to start and then you'll see
the timer begin to run down and you'll
see the lights a circling indicating
that it's working so this system is now
connected to this pillow applicator and
it's actually running there's a port in
the back for each applicator you can
only put one applicator at a time so
this is a magnetic field detector and
you can hear the field pulsing right now
as I move it away from this from the
surface of the control unit or the pad
the magnetic field
drops off so let me do this to the sides
so right next to it it's the highest
intensity and as you move away the
magnetic field drops off significantly
now I can still hear significant
magnetic field out here which is really
important because what happens is that
the magnetic field next to the body is
going to be the strongest but on the
other side of the body say you're laying
on your back then the other side of the
body the chest or the abdomen is still
going to get a very substantial magnetic
field